hey this is presto Walker problematic
men is a Korean TV show where
contestants solve puzzles several
contestants have IQs above 150 which is
commonly referred to as the genius level
one episode featured the following
puzzle and one contestant Suho solved it
in less than one minute if 9 9 8 1 + 1 6
0 1 is equal to 2 9 5 7 then using the
same pattern what is 1 0 8 0 + 9 1 6 8
equal to now some of you may point out
that these kinds of puzzles could be
ambiguous and they might have several
possible answers but on the show they
didn't have a chance to argue with the
judges they simply tried to solve it in
a very good hearted spirit and they
wanted to find the simple rule to get
the correct answer so can you figure it
out give this problem a try and when
you're ready keep watching the video for
a solution so what's the pattern it is
to rotate the numbers being added by 180
degrees and then add those two numbers
so we take 99 8 1 and 16 0 1 and now
let's rotate them 180 degrees we now end
up with 1091 plus 1866 and if we add
these two numbers we get two thousand
nine hundred and fifty-seven so that's
the rule now let's use it to solve the
problem we take 108 oh and nine one six
eight and rotate this by 180 degrees
we end up with eight thousand nine
hundred and sixteen plus 801 when we add
these numbers we get the correct answer
of nine thousand seven hundred and
seventeen did you figure it out
thanks for watching this video please
subscribe to my channel I make videos on
math you can catch me on my blog mind
your decisions if you like this video
you can check out my books which are
listed in the video description and you
can support me on patreon if you have a
math topic or puzzle you can email me
presh at my dear decisions comm and you
can catch me on social media either at
mind your decisions or a pressure Locker